[lunastreaming] Add experimental distribution info (#68)
datastax/release-notes: Luna_Streaming_Experimental.md

> # DataStax Luna Streaming Experimental Distribution

Reviewer: this file must be versioned as well

Author: I removed the new page
I updated the 2.10 1.1, see here https://github.com/datastax/release-notes/blob/master/Luna_Streaming_2.10_Release_Notes.md#luna-streaming-distribution-210-11

In the **experimental** distribution several connectors are added to the **all** distribution but they are NOT officialy supported and NOT production ready.

## Builtin Apache Pulsar connectors

> These connectors are mantained in the Apache Pulsar community. You can follow the [official guide](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/io-connectors) to learn how to use them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These connectors are maintained by the Apache Pulsar community. You can follow the [official guide](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/io-connectors) to learn how to use them.
```

* pulsar-io-aerospike-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-batch-data-generator-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-canal-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-data-generator-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-dynamodb-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-file-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-flume-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-hbase-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-hdfs2-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-hdfs3-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-influxdb-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-mongo-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-netty-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-nsq-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-rabbitmq-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-redis-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-solr-VERSION.nar
* pulsar-io-twitter-VERSION.nar

## Kafka Connect based Connectors

> The following connectors are based on Kafka Connect protocol. [This documentation](https://github.com/datastax/pulsar-3rdparty-connector) explains more details about each connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following connectors are based on the Kafka Connect protocol. [This documentation](https://github.com/datastax/pulsar-3rdparty-connector) provides more details about individual connectors.
```
